为下载页添加 GIF 动图 & 优化文案 (#183)
HMCL-dev/HMCL-docs: _downloads/windows/x86.md

![Hits](https://hits.seeyoufarm.com/api/count/incr/badge.svg?url=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.hmcl.net%2Fdownloads%2Fwindows%2Fx86.html&count_bg=%233E4245&title_bg=%233E4245&icon=&icon_color=%23E7E7E7&title=%F0%9F%91%80&edge_flat=false)

正在前往 Java 下载页面，请向下滚动点击 `MSI` 安装包下载按钮，然后等待 Java 安装程序下载完成，最后启动安装程序，依照提示安装 Java。

![windows-x86-1](/assets/img/docs/java-download-pages/windows-x86-1.gif)

![windows-x86-2](/assets/img/docs/java-download-pages/windows-x86-2.gif)

![windows-x86-3](/assets/img/docs/java-download-pages/windows-x86-3.gif)

没有下载？[点击此处开始下载](https://bell-sw.com/pages/downloads/?version=java-17&os=windows&architecture=x86&bitness=32&package=jre-full#:~:text=All%20versions)

---

> Going to Java download page, scroll down and click `MSI` installation package download button, then wait for Java installer download to complete, finally launch installer, follow the prompts to install Java.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are going to the Java download page. Please scroll down and click `MSI` download button, then wait for the Java installer to finish downloading, and finally open the installer and follow the prompts to install Java.
```

> No download? [Click here to start downloading](https://bell-sw.com/pages/downloads/?version=java-17&os=windows&architecture=x86&bitness=32&package=jre-full#:~:text=All%20versions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No redirect? [Click here to start downloading](https://bell-sw.com/pages/downloads/?version=java-17&os=windows&architecture=x86&bitness=32&package=jre-full#:~:text=All%20versions)
```
